Emacs Pro Essentials v3.1.0 Update
==================================

New feature: Pinned Tabs. When you pin a tab, it will never automatically be closed with the Close
Stale Views command. A pinned tab displays a pushpin icon in the message area. The default binding
is "ctrl+x P".

New Feature: Delete Blank Lines command. This is the Emacs "ctrl+x ctrl+o" command, which deletes
extra blank lines around point.

Enhancement: Open Line command. The ctrl+o command now honors the numeric argument.

Enhancement: Delete White Space command. This command now supports an argument for the number of
spaces to keep. The default is 0. This value can be overridden by supplying a numeric argument. So
"meta+2 meta+backslash" would leave 2 spaces.

Enhancement: Negative and 0 arguments to the ``ctrl+k`` command now work properly. An argument of 0
means "kill to the beginning of the line" and a negative argument means "kill the previous N lines".

New Feature: Yank All Cursors and Choose and Yank All Cursors. With these commands, we create as
many cursors as needed for the kill ring entry before yanking it. Previously, if you have a kill
ring entry with 20 cursors in it, but you only have 1 cursor now, you could only yank the first
cursor. This allows you to yank all the cursors at once.

There's also a Choose and Yank All Cursors command which allows you to choose the kill ring entry
you want to yank the cursors for. And now the choose and yank popup shows in brackets the number of
regions in a kill ring entry if it's not the normal 1.

Bug Fix: Fixed issue with Delete White Space which left an extra space at the end of a line
sometimes.

Enhancement: When killing text with multiple cursors, we prevent kills which would result in cursors
colliding and collapsing into each other. Otherwise, the kill ring gets into an unpredictable state
that might confuse you later when you try to yank back some text. Now, instead of refusing to kill
the text and display an easily missed status message, we instead popup an error message that you
cannot possible miss.

Enhancement: the "ctrl+x h" now selects highlights the entire buffer the way Emacs does: setting a
mark where you are, and then selecting the entire buffer with point at one end and mark at the
other.

Changes: context key "sbp_has_visible_mark" is now "sbp_has_active_mark". It is true when the emacs
mark is active. An addition "sbp_has_visible_selection" context key is true if there is any visible
selection, regardless of whether it's an active emacs mark or just a sublime selection.
